docs: add Talos version support policy page for Omni (#494)
siderolabs/docs: public/omni/getting-started/support-matrix.mdx

Clusters running unsupported versions of Talos Linux or Kubernetes may have limited ability to manage their clusters within Omni - clusters may not be able to have new nodes provisioned to scale up the cluster, for example.

> Omni displays warning notifications for machines running unsupported or soon-to-be-unsupported Talos versions, and will enforce minimum version requirements in a future release. See the [Talos Version Support Policy](./talos-version-support-policy) for details on enforcement timelines and notification zones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Omni provides status notifications for machines running Talos versions approaching end-of-support. To ensure platform stability, Omni will transition to a minimum supported version model in a future release. Please refer to the [Talos Version Support Policy] for details on support timelines and notification windows.
```
